## day2

move to the beginning of the line: `shift+h`
move to the end of the line: `shift+l`
insert at the beginning of the line: `I`
insert at the end of the line: `A`
insert before the line: `O`
insert after the line: `o`
copy the current line: `yy`
paste the current line: `p`
delete the current line: `dd`

```
vim test vim test vim test vim test

vim test vim test vim test  vim test

vim test vim test vim test vim test

vim test vim test vim test vim test  vim test

vim test vim test vim test vim test

vim test vim test vim test vim test

vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test  vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test

vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test

vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test

vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test

vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test

vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test

vim test vim test vim test vim test
vim test vim test vim test vim test

dvim test vim test vim test vim test




dvim test vim test vim test vim test
dvim test vim test vim test vim test




```
